README.md, before:

<h1 align=center> CollegeAPI </h1>

<h3 align=center> Ever faced a problem while collecting the data of Indian Colleges? Here we are with the solution, <b>College API</b>.<br>An API that helps you to fetch the data of Indian Colleges.⚡</h3>

----

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/fork"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

---

## Tech Stack 💻

  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
  ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)

---


## What do we exactly do?
The ambition of this project is to provide data of Indian Colleges from all the categories listed in NIRF through different endpoints. We also enable the user to filter the college by the desired city and state.

## Wants to contribute?👀
You can contribute to this project under [Hacktoberfest 2022](https://hacktoberfest.com/) 🤩 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70385488/192114009-0830321a-d227-4a4d-8411-6c03b54d7ce6.png)

## How to contribute?🤔

We recommend you to go through the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) where we have mentioned all the guidelines that help you to set up the project and make some awesome contributions 😄

---

## Endpoints

| Method   |      Path      |  Description |
|----------|:-------------:|------:|
| **GET** | `/engineering_colleges` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in India. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/nirf` | Fetch the list of all the 300 engineering colleges ranked by NIRF. In this endpoint, the rank of the colleges will be provided along with the other details. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/state={state}` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in the state passed by the user as a `parameter`. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/city={city}` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in the city passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |
| **GET** |  `/medical_colleges` | Fetch the list of all the medical colleges in India.  |

----

Commit message:

Added api endpoint to readme file

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center> CollegeAPI </h1>

<h3 align=center> Ever faced a problem while collecting the data of Indian Colleges? Here we are with the solution, <b>College API</b>.<br>An API that helps you to fetch the data of Indian Colleges.⚡</h3>

----

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/fork"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

---

## Tech Stack 💻

  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
  ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)

---


## What do we exactly do?
The ambition of this project is to provide data of Indian Colleges from all the categories listed in NIRF through different endpoints. We also enable the user to filter the college by the desired city and state.

## Wants to contribute?👀
You can contribute to this project under [Hacktoberfest 2022](https://hacktoberfest.com/) 🤩 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70385488/192114009-0830321a-d227-4a4d-8411-6c03b54d7ce6.png)

## How to contribute?🤔

We recommend you to go through the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Clueless-Community/collegeAPI/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) where we have mentioned all the guidelines that help you to set up the project and make some awesome contributions 😄

---

## Endpoints

| Method   |      Path      |  Description |
|----------|:-------------:|------:|
| **GET** | `/engineering_colleges` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in India. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/nirf` | Fetch the list of all the 300 engineering colleges ranked by NIRF. In this endpoint, the rank of the colleges will be provided along with the other details. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/state={state}` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in the state passed by the user as a `parameter`. |
| **GET** |  `/engineering_colleges/city={city}` | Fetch the list of all the engineering colleges in the city passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |
| **GET** |  `/medical_colleges` | Fetch the list of all the medical colleges in India.  |
| **GET** |  `/medical_colleges/state={state}` | Fetch the list of all the medical colleges in the state passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |
| **GET** |  `/medical_colleges/city={city}` | Fetch the list of all the medical colleges in the city passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |
| **GET** |  `/management_colleges` | Fetch the list of all the management colleges in India.  |
| **GET** |  `/management_colleges/nirf` | Fetch the list of all the 300 management colleges ranked by NIRF. In this endpoint, the rank of the colleges will be provided along with the other details.  |
| **GET** |  `/management_colleges/city={city}` | Fetch the list of all the management colleges in the state passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |
| **GET** |  `/management_colleges/state={state}` | Fetch the list of all the management colleges in the city passed by the user as a `parameter`.  |

----
